add rn entry for refreshing access token after snowflake sso expiration (#6790)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

\* The official release date for this new format of release notes is May 15th, 2024. Historical release notes for prior dates may not reflect all available features released earlier this year or their tenancy availability.

## January 2025

> - **Enhancement**: Added support to automatically refresh access tokens when Snowflake's SSO connection expires. Previously, you had to manually refresh the token when the connection expired, resulting in downtime for your dbt Cloud Semantic Layer connection.

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

This is a non-blocker suggestion.
Would it be a good idea to add a sentence saying something like the enhancement improves / enables better performance when using the SL?

Kind Regards
Natalie

Reviewer 2: I would replace the "previously" part with something like:

Previously, users would get the following error: `Connection is not available, request timed out after 30000ms` and would have to wait 10 minutes to try again.

> - **Enhancement**: Added support to automatically refresh access tokens when Snowflake's SSO connection expires. Previously, you had to manually refresh the token when the connection expired, resulting in downtime for your dbt Cloud Semantic Layer connection.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Enhancement**: Added support to automatically refresh access tokens when Snowflake's SSO connection expires. Previously, users would get the following error: `Connection is not available, request timed out after 30000ms` and would have to wait 10 minutes to try again.
```
